


ISSUE 1 - Date 11/14/2025: The way orders are processed to be most effecient is to catagorize them into three sections. MIXED / SINGLES / WHOLESALES.
    - SINGLES: E.g. 100 people order the same single blanket. 
        The current System finds Locations, UNITS (new data column), that have bulk availible and then MARKS, (new data column introduced), creates a BATCH sheet so that the picker can grab from a small amount of locations to promote efficiency.
    - MIXED (THE ISSUE): Half of the other orders are orders with 1-6 different blankets. 
        The current System throws these orders into BATCH, (new data column), sheets which consist of various orders that have little correlation with each other. 
        Effeciency is slown down due to Pickers grabbing from multiple locations for the same type of blanket, and the orders themsevles have no sorting / correlation with eachother.
    - WHOLESALES: Orders with large blanket quantities. E.g. 50 one type of blanket and 50 of another. 
        The System handles these Seperatly. Outliers.

SOLUTION IN PROGRESS: Create a better Batch sheet Generation algorithm that takes MIXED batches better agregating. 
HOW TO IMPLEMENT: Need to create new tables to handle batch sheets, Orders, and unit ids



ISSUE 2: Craeting the Process of handling incoming shipments. 11/22/2025
    Learn and implement how XML files are used.

    SOLUTION IN PROGRESS: 
    1. Migrate a new table into the database controlling the history of xml sheets and there information linkning to the inventory units table. 
    2. Create a python script that hanldes the incoming shipments and inserts the data into the warehouse database. 

    11/26/2025 - UPDATE
    Psuedo Code
    Have two folders in shipment_receipts [pending / processed]
    Write a script to grab on xml receipt to process and insert into database
        1. grab file name
        2. parse data into object
        3. anaylize shipment items and assign unit ids and coresponding database information
        4. Error handle for missing information if any
        5. insert data into database
        6. move xml file into processed receipts
    move onto next file and repeat

    ITEMS LEARNED:
        Skills: XML file parsing, using python pathlib, understanding python module creation, 
        creating a more detailed psudeo code plan is important for both implementing a whole feature 
        but also for individual files and functions.

        11/29/2025 - UPDATE
        Sorting xml sheets by date formate YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS_#.xml to be able to sort by date in the grab funciotns to grab the oldest date and process that first if there is a backup log. 

        12/3/2025: - UPDATE
        Noticed duplication of code for sql insertions so made sql_utils.py for handling functions.


